alana canceled for collaborating with wesc
alana do you remember alana this was the
girl who asked uncle Sur to delete a
video because she yelled at her boyfriend in the
car do you remember Thanks for answering
anyway being honest it depresses me not seeing
laser what do you advise me Well you have the
other what's the other's name the one who is
now with Pepa beltram okay I don't know
to fix more or less if you like that
content Well it might also be worth it
alana who appeared on the channel a few
months ago for yelling at her partner
live is being canceled for
collaborating with wescol Yesterday it wasn't a
King collaboration or promotion they
are criticizing her since she gets along
with Ari and Juan Also because wescol had a
bf with Barca for the same reason let's see
truth How strange no How strange this
collaboration W you saw that W with Santos
fúbol Club it's easy for them to play the first
date of the kinsley Yes you know that the
first game is with me with tar ranisa
fúbol Club how [ __ ] disgusting it's going to be the
game where I'm going to throw up the most
always as soon as it starts  that intro hon is
just coming out Uy vomit so many
times well on top of me that I'm going to have to
have a towel next to me I can't
believe it's happening to me like this bro don't underestimate it's that
who is underestimating me I
'm just saying that I'm going to vomit I
can't say that I'm going to vomit I'm not
underestimating absolutely anyone I
'm just saying that as soon as they
're coming out on the field I'm going to
vomit many times or whatever How strange no
Good morning I see that there was a mess
because of the bet and the collaboration yesterday I
understand and respect that it is not pleasant
For some people I am still me
and I do not stop being me To play one day with
whoever eh Let's see I also get along maybe I
can collaborate with someone
someone with whom I get along a friend of
mine eh Don't get along I mean it's a little
childish not the one there But look how
this one doesn't talk to the other Well I don't
either, not until certain levels V for
example m what would I say to you if you have
told a friend of mine or a colleague of mine
that he is a rapist Well the same I am not going to
collaborate  with you but that's a bit
logical and obvious and I think we have to be
consistent no now another thing is that you
talk to people that people with whom
you talk don't get along or have
their problems not as is the case okay I don't
know how much of a friend Lana will be of Ari
Gameplays and Juan either what
wbc told her let's see what wbc told her ar
Gameplay was ugly well it was very gratuitous It's that of
course taking into account that wcol
that's the least that dispatches I understand
that you do things your way
but I want to take it easy I
want the kin to be an experience from
which I take the best memories
once a wise man said your enemies
are not my enemies I'm not one to try to
convince others to like the
same people as me more I
prefer that they judge it by their own
experiences everyone has their reasons
and for being here basically what she
's telling you is that her friend Ari if they
are friends I mean let's see
people on the internet don't
often believe that because we have
coworkers people with whom  we
collaborate more or less regularly let's
see It's not necessarily a friend A
friend is someone from real life who you have let's
see, I do have friends on the
internet okay I have some people
very few with the fingers of one hand
Surely I have too many eh that if I can
say that they are friends because I know that I can
trust and that they will be there until the end
you know but there are times when you see a lot of me
with some youtubers with whom I
collaborate and I say Friend Friend we
were talking about this the other day let's see a friend
for me is a person who knows things
about my life eh knows things about my environment does
n't know me knows me You know knows
when I'm good when I'm bad uh I
know something else No but Hey another thing is
that you have a person that you really like
with whom you have a lot of chemistry
for collaborations or that more or less you
have affinities in common no that maybe it
's not a friend maybe Ari
Gameplay is a person with whom he is
interested in collaborating for x reason okay And they
are collaborations that interest
both of them and outside okay and he doesn't give a
damn that this one has  messed with her
without more now I also tell you I see it
quite likely that their partners are very good
friends Barca and Juan No no yes yes it is
strange from what I see quite likely
that okay she doesn't give a damn what
he said to Ari and Juan
But I see it quite likely that Ari
Juan will close the doors to Lana I see it
quite likely that Ari and Juan will
close the doors to her to
not collaborate with her again more in
fact I think it will be like that let's say almost
100% it will be
[Music]
like that
i